Release 0.4 1 (#35)
nginxinc/nginx-asg-sync: CHANGELOG.md

## 0.4-1 (November 22, 2019)

IMPROVEMENTS:

* Add support to set upstream server parameters: `max_conns`, `max_fails`, `fail_timeout` and `slow_start` in the configuration file. https://github.com/nginxinc/nginx-asg-sync/pull/33

> * Add support to use wildcards in AWS autoscaling groups. https://github.com/nginxinc/nginx-asg-sync/pull/29/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add support to use wildcards in the names of AWS Auto Scaling groups. https://github.com/nginxinc/nginx-asg-sync/pull/29/
```

> * Allow to use the same AWS region as the instance where the nginx-asg-sync is running as the default region for NGINX Plus and the Auto Scaling groups. https://github.com/nginxinc/nginx-asg-sync/pull/27

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Allow nginx-asg-sync to detect the region where it is running (use `region: self` in the configuration file). https://github.com/nginxinc/nginx-asg-sync/pull/27
```
